hey guys epic epic seer coming at you
guys with a new video a crystal maiden
jungle guide now before you guys say
that's stupid or crystal maiden jungling
is inefficient I just want to say that
this is aimed towards not farming up a
hero to have an impact in mid game for
crystal maiden it's rather a passive
jungle guide where you're generally out
of danger and you're just jungling to
kind of buy items such as you see the
starting item the courier to buy things
such as courier flying courier words and
to just keep a newer player if you have
a new friend with you out of trouble and
have them farm up levels experience
items kind of in a rather safe
environment and contribute to the team
while jungling because like most
junglers like in nigma things come out
to have an impact where crystal maiden
with this build you actually level the
arcane aura so they start giving an
impact so the player starts to
contribute to the team at very early on
so if you have a new friend this is the
guide for you to show them if you guys
have a friend who's a new player let
them play crystal maiden and let them
play in this way they won't feed in the
lane they won't take your experience and
they will come out of the jungle
relatively tanky and also having bought
a bunch of items for a team searches the
courier words smoke centuries whatever
you need so the key skill you're going
to be using as crystal maiden jungle is
this skill to frostbite now the duration
is 1.5 seconds on heroes and 70 damage
but if you press the alt key you'll see
that it lasts 10 seconds on creep levels
level 5 or lower that was the case in
DotA 1 but the way they coded it here in
DotA 2 is actually it works for every
single level it works on level 6 creeps
as well I'm not sure if this is a bug or
this is an issue they will fix however
it's not a big problem even if it is
just on level 5 or lower we can still
make it work so what you want to do is
you want to hold the big camp out down
the dyers that side and on the Sentinel
it's on this side then you want to cut
several of the trees here later to help
stack as soon as you hold these creeps
away you want frostbite them here
and then you want to pop your clarity
potion on the first wave then you want
to wait until the 54 second mark and
then pull the creep wave now usually you
want to pull this and then pull this and
double stack in and later clear this as
you guys will see however through
experience I realized that if there is a
sidecar camp or if it's a camp with
arranged unit you don't have enough time
to hit 54 seconds then pull away instead
you have to just pull straight and it
doesn't really matter stacking this is
just somewhat of a bonus and it kind of
depends on the luck of response but you
guys will generally see how it works out
you pull it and then you freeze and you
attack so as you guys see here I'm just
attacking attacking attacking and then I
freeze a new creep right here and you
can freeze an attack here and these
groups won't get a crowd because you
have pulled it away and all during all
this time make sure you pop your
clarity's the starting items if I didn't
mention was the animal courier plus the
culling blade for cutting the trees and
all these auto tags you're doing will be
doing some what of extra damage but you
as you guys see here I stack this
campaign a stack this camp the timing is
to come here attack in 54 seconds then
walk straight to this side attack here
and pull on the center of the side it's
a lot harder however stacking this as I
mentioned earlier is not very crucial so
on the Sentinel side you could also do
this you may not have a hundred percent
success rate just because of the how the
trees are placed but with the cutting
blade you can cut all these down and do
the same thing so back to the starting
items it's animal courier culling blade
then the rest of the items you want to
get clarity potions you want to get
clarity potions and just pop them but
once you get level 2 RK Nora you get an
extra of 1.5 matter region per second
and then the item the clarity potions
are not as important and they do not
play a big role anymore the key point
the key thing to watch out for is always
always make sure that at the 54 second
mark you're pulling the neutral creeps
that way this big camp never
times out and you always have a full
crew camp to kill however if you do run
out of creeps here because you missed a
stack or somewhat of a mistake during
your poll timing and general timing you
can always come walk to this can and
start to jungle again on this big creep
camp you could or you could on this
internal side switch to overhear the
distance is somewhat shorter on the dire
I mean then the dire i believe so if you
do make a mistake on the Sentinels aside
it's less punishing we're on the radiant
side i'm sorry i keep saying sentinels
and once you reach level 3 and you have
your level 2 RK Nora all your team
starts to get the disa mana regeneration
aura and it's a big help for your team
on this matter regeneration 1.5 is a
global spell so while you're jungling
here you actually start contributing
towards your team I will speed up this
video just a little bit this replay just
a little bit as you guys see it's four
minutes in you are around level three
and you have almost tranquil boots
finish all this time your hip points
have stayed above a half so you're
generally safe in the jungle and once
you get your tranquil boots you are very
safe and here is what I'm talking about
I ran out a crew because I missed a
creep stack but it's not a big deal
because I can walk right over here and
it doesn't really set me back that much
in terms of experience and the key point
to this is that you can have random gold
while jungling to just buy items for
your team so before so for example at
five minutes in you could fly the
courier earlier and you would at five
minutes in would have a tranquil boots
and you would have bought a career and a
flying career also at this at these
times you could buy things such as smoke
such as century it's six minutes in so
you could buy another pair of observer
Awards six minutes in and in your level
five this experience is much higher than
if you were to lane with a crystal
maiden and
us two poles on the crib camp and this
also does not need require you to buy
century words instead you guys can put
central words in Lane 2 d-ward their
lane wars or you could have a you know
you could have very strong solo heroes
were dueling heroes such as a gyro you
could have a long lane Weaver long line
still a bear or somebody like that and
still be very very very effective and
here why you have been stacking I
haven't really been stacking that well
but why you have been stacking is that
once you do finish your crystal
maintenance ultimate ability the
freezing field you could come and kill
the stat camp as you see here this is
only a three stack and once you clear it
you'll get pretty much three quarters of
a way to level seven however if if you
did manage to get lucky with these
creeps here and if you didn't miss a
stack at eight something minocin you
should hit level seven and you have over
a thousand gold on top of your tranquil
boots so that could be a flying career
that could be several sets of wars that
could be sentry that could be dust smoke
anything you need for your team and of
course you could have a bracer and I if
if you guys listen to what I was saying
in the very beginning if you guys did in
fact get up get a newer player to try
out this jungle guide then you would
want to have them tank outs as much as
possible so thank you guys for watching
see you guys next time